Hey there and welcome to Soul Church.
Our prayer is that this message encourages you wherever you may be in life.
We've been hearing so many stories about what God is doing in people's lives and we'd love to hear yours.
So take a second and send your story to stories at soulchurch.com.
Thanks again for joining us today and we hope that you enjoy the message.
God bless.
Well, so good to see you.
Father, just as we receive your word today, fill us again.
fill us up to send us out.
We don't just want to gather, we want to go.
So we thank you that you're going to equip the saints today to go into all the world.
On mission in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Would you thank the worship team, all of our volunteers, those who serve us.
Week in, week out, we appreciate you, we value you.
Why don't you find your seats?
I saw the new bus arrive with all the students from the UEA and
The art college.
It looked packed.
Come on, let's thank all of our students.
So great to have you here.
Study hard, pray hard.
You should be all right.
How good was Pete Greg last week?
I loved it.
I loved that thought about omission.
Jesus said, go.
And then he said, stay.
Wait and pray.
And then
go into all the world.
I just loved it.
I've been with Pete this week at a conference and he was stirring us up again to pray.
We've got a fresh stirring after last week to pray and seek God.
I know we did.
He said this.
He says, prayer is the ignition for the great commission.
Prayer is the ignition.
And I was stirred.
Week one, we launched our mission mandate, which is therefore go.
and make disciples of all nations baptizing them in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
That's our mandate for the year.
And we looked at those three thoughts.
Our mission begins with vision.
We cannot reach what we don't see.
God, open our eyes to see those on this journey who are lost, who are in need of a Savior.
And as I prayed, we don't just want to gather, we want to go.
So for so long, the church on a hall is just gathered and we haven't had this mandate to go.
But this year, the mandate is to go into all the world and bring the gospel.
Our second mandate was our mission is to focus on what's lost, not just on what's found.
God loves what's been found, but he's obsessed with what is lost.
We talked about the remote control in the couch.
When you're looking for the remote control, you are obsessed with the remote, but you still love the couch.
Sometimes in church, we get obsessed with the couch when actually the remote is lost, people are lost.
And so instead of looking inward this year, we are looking outward as Christ commanded us.
Thirdly, our mission requires action.
2026 is love in action, which is the mission statement
of soul church.
Now we're going to hand out a card to you, okay?
We're going to, two sides, and we're going to ask our amazing host team to servers with these cards, and on the front of the card, I want you to keep this safe the next 11 months, okay?
On the front is our mission mandate, which we talked about already, and on the back is a prayer that I've written
And we're gonna come onto that at the end, okay?
So you don't need to do anything.
You can just leave this in your hand, hold it in your Bible.
But a part of the prayer is there is a space where I would love you to think about a name or one, two, three, four names, how many names you wanna place in there.
And you can think about whose name is gonna go in that prayer.
So as we hand those out, I also wanna ask you to do one more thing today.
And I also wanna welcome those who are joining us online.
Great to have you.
journey on mission with us, drop as a message in the chat where you're watching from.
If you need prayer and support at any point, our people are here.
And if you don't support Nauru City, you should support Nauru City because we are going back where we belong.
And you heard it first here.
Who knows?
You've got to keep looking up, not looking down.
Okay, so I'm just putting it out there.
So I'm asking you today to take notes.
Okay, I'm going to encourage you to take notes, whether it's on your phone, on your, on your, whatever, your tablet,
pen and paper if anyone remembers what that is.
This is an important message.
Now, our vision for the year is on mission.
If you haven't picked that up yet, you will, okay?
And that sounds good.
The wristbands are cool.
They glow in the dark.
Give us a wave if you've got a wristband on, okay?
If you haven't got one, we have some of the info desk.
We want to make sure you get ahold of those.
And last week, Pete was brilliant.
It was fun, especially his elevator story.
But the question I have is this, and I want to pitch it to us, why?
Why do we have to go on mission?
We live in a generation, especially Gen Z and Gen Alpha, where they demand a why.
I grew up in a generation, someone asked you to do something, he said, all right.
Now they're like, no, not until you tell me why.
And I think that's a good thing to know the why behind the mission.
Why are we wearing the wristbands?
Why are we giving out the handouts?
Why are we encouraging the church?
We're on mission.
And so the why is the key to the mission.
The why keeps you going when you want to quit and the why keeps you focused on the mission.
And imagine being in the army or the navy or the Air Force and you're sent on a mission, but you don't know the why.
Who knows the why gives you perspective to the mission?
And Jesus was the master at the why.
He always gave the why.
And so for many of you, you know the why, you know the why we're on mission, but for others of you, you don't know the why.
But I think for the majority of us today, we need to be reminded of the why.
Why we're on mission.
I don't know about you, but I can so get caught up in my world.
Who's got their own little world?
It's called your spouse if you're married, it's called your kids, it's called the school, it's called work.
And we get caught up in our own little world.
And before you know, like, Shantos is because where did a week go?
Does anyone ever have that, like, where did that week go?
Because we all get caught up in our own little worlds, okay?
So that's normal, but it's important.
So my message is titled today, why on mission matters?
Why we're on mission?
And we'll get to the how in a couple of weeks, but today it's critical because it's the why.
So I want to share what I want to share today.
I pray it comes with clarity.
I pray it comes from compassion.
I pray it comes with grace.
And there's no fear mungering in some of the things I'm going to say because it's really important.
And I want you to think about the space on the mission mandate on the prayer on the back of somebody that God is sending you on mission to reach this year.
Okay?
So I want you to be thinking about that as we go.
And at the end, we're going to fill that in.
We're going to give you some pens and we're going to pray.
And every day over the next 11 months,
I want you to pray the prayer, which is on the back of that mandate and believe God that somebody is going to find Christ this year in your world.
Acts chapter two, verse 42.
Every day, the reason I've written a prayer is because in Acts 2, 42, which is what Pete spoke about last week, he says, they devoted themselves to prayer.
I want us to devote ourselves to prayer.
So many times we devote ourselves to gossip, we devote ourselves to all sorts of negative things, but the early church saw a great revival because they devoted themselves to prayer.
And so that prayer on the back of the Mander is gonna help us devote ourselves.
We're gonna pray it together at the end.
But before we do, I wanna share three really challenging, thought-provoking thoughts on why on mission matters.
Why on mission matters?
This is the first thought I want you to write down.
Everyone is waiting to discover they're someone.
Everyone is someone and everyone is precious to Jesus.
Romans chapter five verse eight, but God demonstrates his own love for us in this.
While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Write this down.
Everyone on earth is someone Christ died for.
Everyone.
Before we changed, before we behaved, if we do, we were already someone to Him.
Christ died for us while we were still in sin.
He didn't die for us after we'd got it together.
He died for us before we got it together.
Now, give me a little wave if you
You know Jesus as your personal Lord and Savior.
Just give me a little wave.
If you don't, you're gonna have an opportunity in a few minutes to do that.
Okay?
But because you and I have been redeemed, our responsibility, if you waved at me right then, is to introduce other people to the Redeemer.
So if you were, give me another wave.
It's less hands now.
If you have been redeemed,
If you've been bought with a price, if you know that your name is in the Lamb's Book of Life, you and I now have a responsibility to jump out of that bubble which we live in and introduce people to Jesus.
I believe every person on earth, every person at University of East Anglia at the Art College in your high school, every person in our world deserves to know that they are someone.
Every person.
We are all equal to Jesus.
Now, we are not all children of God, but we are all loved by God.
A child of God is someone who calls God a father.
So if you call God your father, you, he is your child, we are children of God.
But God loves everyone.
God loves every single person sitting in this room and watching online.
Now, I want to ask another question.
Who would agree every person you know who doesn't know Jesus would live a vastly better life if they did?
Three of us.
Whose life is better for meeting Jesus?
Beth was singing that song.
I was thinking that those words, I'm not going to get them right because I'm not the worship leader.
That's not my job to get the words of the worship songs, right?
My job is to interpret what I heard.
But there was a line in that song thinking about something like, just to think of what had been if I had not met him or not been.
What was it, Chantel?
You've been so, so good.
See, just like that.
Basically, if we hadn't have met Jesus, can you even fathom where you'd be right now?
Someone said to me recently, you could have been in prison, John.
I was like, that's kind.
How kind?
But the question is, where would we be if we hadn't have met Jesus?
Because everybody is someone and someone
matters to Jesus.
And if we recognize that everyone is someone, it's actually going to change the way we view the person at work who annoys us.
It's actually going to change the way we view people in life because it's amazing you can actually build prejudices up against people because we live in bubbles.
I'm going to say some challenging things today because I want to challenge this.
I want to try and broaden our thinking, but I believe in border control and I believe in safe borders.
And I do not have answers to all the illegal immigration issues in the crisis that our nation and other nations are facing right now.
What I do know is this, they are someone's son, someone's father, and they are someone deeply loved and someone that Christ died for.
Now we have to understand that every person, every creed, every color, every religion is someone that Christ
died for.
Christ died for.
We might not see them as someone, but we have to see through his eyes they are someone.
And this one thought can actually change everything because when someone annoys me, frustrates me, upsets me, cuts me up on the road, on the way to church, sends you crazy emails, sends me crazy emails.
You ready?
Everyone is someone
that Christ died for.
Do you just, should you hold that thought for a second?
Everyone is someone that Christ died for.
You see, it's easy to go on mission if you love the person that God's called you to reach.
It's easy if that person is the same political stance, the same viewpoint of life, the same value system.
They're actually easy, but what about if God's called you to reach someone who's actually really unlovable?
What about if they're unlikable?
What about if God's cause you to love someone that you don't want to?
What about when we want to give someone a piece of our minds, but we remember there's someone?
Society, even your own family might label you a misfit or a nobody or an addict, but God doesn't see you as an addict or a misfit or a nobody.
God sees you as someone, someone that he went to the cross for.
And I think we can actually change our paradigm if we know that everyone is someone and that someone is my mission.
Because God is going to place some people across your past this year that maybe aren't even nice.
Maybe that God is calling you to reach some people who
They don't agree with you coming to church, or they've said some things about the church.
They've said some unkind things about other races, religions, and God said, you are now my instrument.
You are now on mission to share the love of Jesus to this hurting, dying world.
And I think if we can change our paradigm, I think we have the potential to make a difference in our city.
The person who is of a different faith, political stance, is someone.
The family member who betrayed you lied to you, stole from you,
is someone.
The homeless person that you walk past every morning in a rush to get to work is someone, someone with a story.
The person at the checkout at the supermarket who grunts when you say good morning is someone.
Well, if they're not going to say good morning, I'm not going to say it next time.
Come on, we've all had these things.
Jesus teaches us to love, to turn the other cheek, to go the extra mile.
What Jesus teaches is often completely opposite to our feelings.
But I want to remind us today on mission that everyone is someone and that someone matters to Christ.
We could have our opinions, our objections, our concerns, and I have them, but they're still someone.
I wonder if the thought that everybody is someone could break through the prejudices and the disunities that we hold around each other.
That someone might dress look different, look different, appear different, smell different, talk different, identify different.
They might even make you feel uncomfortable, but they are someone.
They are someone.
And that someone is the person which Christ died for.
I've never known it so quiet.
They're the someone who Jesus loves.
The person who drives you crazy in church, and when you see them come in, you go, I'm going that side.
The person who you want to cancel.
The president or prime minister or leader, you can't stand.
And maybe for good reason.
Can you imagine if we made a decision instead of
pointing a finger or judging, we exchange that for praying for them.
We all have our thoughts and opinions.
I'm just saying, can you imagine if we exchange this week, every time they appeared on television in the press, we said, right now, I pray right now.
I pray.
The Bible says, instructs us to pray for kings and queens and presidents and leaders.
Imagine if we exchanged our blogs for prayers, our frustration for prayer.
I wonder how different our world would be.
It doesn't excuse the behavior of leaders.
That's not what I'm talking about.
Talking about maybe the mission of God is different to what we first thought.
Sometimes God's calling us to love the ones we don't want to love.
Who is your someone?
Who is the person that God's called you to reach?
in 2026.
Maybe it seems impossible that they would even receive the love.
What prayer does is prayer softens a heart.
So when you pray for someone, what it does is it softens their heart.
So when you talk to them, the heart is ready for them to receive.
If you go and speak to someone on mission without praying first, the heart is so hard, they will not be able to receive the seed, so they reject it.
But when you pray, I've proven this so many times, when I pray, when I go into chaplaincy every Friday, this is my prayer.
Lord, soften the hearts of the players and the coaches.
So when I speak to them, their hearts are soft to receive the words that I speak.
If you go on mission without prayer,
It's full on dead soil.
This is why the omission which Pete spoke about last week is so important.
What if God is calling us to befriend someone who doesn't look like us, dress like us, appear like us?
What if God is calling us to invite someone to church this year and we don't even like them?
Well, no, I don't want them to come.
I'll recommend a church down the road.
I see them Monday to Friday, the thought of seeing them on my day off.
What about if God was stirring our hearts?
Because everybody is someone who Christ died for.
God sees them by name.
Isaiah 43, once is, do not fear.
For I have redeemed you.
I have summoned you or called you by name.
You are mine.
God doesn't see crowds.
He sees names.
You might be sitting here today.
I met someone in the first day saying, I just got so overwhelmed.
There was so many people.
But now just a number that God sees you by name.
God sees you.
He loves you.
Every name is someone to Jesus.
Number one is everyone's waiting to discover there's someone.
Number two, everyone's waiting to discover their value.
You know, there's no greater feeling than discovering something is of greater value than you first imagined.
If you ever put your house up for sale or sold something, put it on eBay, put it on vintage, and you thought it was worth this amount, but then someone offered you that amount.
Who knows?
That's a good feeling.
You put your house up for sale and the person comes and I'll give you 20 more percent than what you think.
Wow.
The valuer, see what you do, you first aboard, you ring the evaluation, the agents, they come around, they give you evaluation of what they think it's worth, and they tell you, and you can either accept it or reject it.
Our mission this year, number one, is to let everyone know that there's someone to Christ, and number two, is to let people know that they have value to Christ.
The challenge is who is gonna tell them?
Nobody tells you the value of your home or your possessions.
You will never know what it's worth.
Maybe we've grown numb to the valuable things around us called people.
Oh, it's just such and such.
It's just such and such.
So easy to get the worth and the value of those in our world.
The homeless person
on the streets of Norwich is just as valuable to Jesus as the wealthy business guy driving past in the sports car.
To Christ is exactly the same.
Exactly the same.
You think about the thief on the cross.
For those who are familiar with the Easter story, he spent his whole life as a criminal.
We don't know all the details.
We know he mustn't have done some very nice things for him to be being crucified on a cross.
Yet what does Jesus do?
In his final moments, he recognizes his value and he says, first of all, you are someone and he says, you're so valuable, we're going to go on a vacation together to a place called paradise.
Wow, the thief on the cross.
Jesus had other concerns in that moment, the pain and the anguish that he was facing, yet he was still concerned about somebody who deserved to die.
He saw his value in the closing moments of his life, and he said, today, we'll be together in paradise.
If our family are neighbours, our work colleagues,
have no understanding of their value in Christ, their lives will remain empty, and they will try to discover their value in other things, addictions in sex, in drugs, in crime, in other things to try, even innocent things, career, trying to fill the value of their life in other things.
Look at me, I've got this, I wear that, I go there.
What are they trying to do?
They're trying to make themselves feel more valuable.
But if people discover
that their value is not in their possessions, their value is not in who they hang around with, that their value is who they are in Christ, they will walk as children of God.
Our world needs to know their true value.
And who am I to place any lower price tag on anyone except the one that my Heavenly Father has already placed on them?
Our friends and family can never fully understand their true value unless somebody shares their faith with them.
Who is glad that someone found you and shared your true value with you?
Evaluated came into your life and said, your life can amount to something.
I see the past.
I see the trail of destruction in your life, but your life can switch.
Your life can change.
You don't have to abuse substances.
You don't have to keep going to those places.
You don't have to keep looking at those images online.
You don't have to keep doing the things of the past.
Your life can be different.
But today, I just want you to know, number one, that you're someone and number two, that you are valuable to Christ.
We're living in a world which loves to devalue people.
We love to strip down their value.
Pull them down.
Soon as we have any form of success, someone wants to strip it off you and devalue.
But God does the complete opposite.
He's cheering you on.
He's saying you're a winner.
He's saying you're going to amount to something.
But do you know, is your value in your career?
Is your value in your possessions?
Or is your value in your heavenly Father?
1 Peter 1, 18 says, for you know that it was not with perishable things such as silver or gold that you were redeemed, you were redeemed from the empty way of life handed down to you from your ancestors.
Life without Christ is empty because all you do is try and fill it with things that will eventually let you down.
You'll go from one relationship to the next relationship, from one fix to the next fix, from one job to the next job, because you're looking for satisfaction, you're looking for value, but true value and identity can only be found in Him.
Because you've been redeemed, you've been bought with a price.
It's a fixed price.
You're redeemed, which means you're justified.
You're rescued.
You've vindicated through the Christ blood which He shed for you.
I want to show you an illustration.
If you've been around church long enough, you've seen this before, but I know for some of you, you haven't.
Here's 10 pounds.
Who would like this?
10 pounds.
This 10 pounds has actually had a difficult life.
It's been around now for a while.
It's been addicted to alcohol.
It struggles with its identity.
And it was abused as a child.
It's gone for its whole life, looking at people, wondering whether someone else is going to take advantage of them.
Some days this 10 pound note, it wakes up and it doesn't even want to be here.
Because life's been so difficult.
This 10 pound note was abandoned when it was young.
Dad was an alcoholic.
which is where this 10-pound note learned to be an alcoholic.
The fact this 10-pound note has just been trodden, it's been beaten, it's been scuffed around, people have walked all over it.
It's been to some places that we wouldn't want to talk about in a church.
It's been screwed up, left school without any education, dropped out, can't ever hold down a job.
It's been spat upon to most people
This 10 pound note is useless.
But yet, when we look at it, it's definitely got some marks of a hard life.
Who still wants this 10 pound?
Why do you want it?
Because its value has never changed.
And for some of you, your life's like that.
It's been tough.
Maybe you've made some mistakes, maybe you've been trodden on, maybe you've been abused and hurt.
And I'm not downplaying any of those things for this illustration because they are real for those watching online and for those in the room.
Maybe you're here today, you don't even know why you're in the room, but you're here today to be reminded of this.
Even though you've been through some of the hardest days of your life, people have said things, done things, blogged about you,
God wants you to know today that your value to Him has never changed.
For at your darkest days, through the moments you wanted to quit, the moments you didn't even want to get out of bed.
God wants to remind you today to every student.
He loves you.
You're a child of God.
You're a daughter of God.
You're a son of God.
And your value to the Almighty will never change.
I'm going to give this away to someone.
I'm going to give it to one of our students because you always need a little extra.
You need to come and get it then.
I'm not coming all the way.
Give me a hug.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
God wants you to know today.
Your value to Him has never changed.
Some things have happened in your life.
We don't need to go into those because God knows.
He sees every moment and He says, I love you.
You're someone and my value has never changed in your eyes.
What's your name?
Brooklyn.
Brooklyn, come on in again.
Love you, man.
You need to frame that.
I wish I could do it for everyone, but we'd have to take up an offer and then you'd have to put it back in.
I think Jesus is saying the same today to all of us.
God chose Brooklyn for that, but he says, the same price tag I've hung on you is the same price tag we must hang on others, bought with a price.
bought with a price.
You've been bought with a price.
Maybe you can identify with that 10 pounds because you feel like your life is worthless or you feel you have no value.
But today, God is reminding you, you've been bought with a price.
You've been redeemed in his name.
Number one, everyone's waiting to discover there's someone.
Number two, everyone's waiting to discover their value.
Finally, number three,
everyone's waiting to discover what comes next.
As we head out on mission this year, this is probably the biggest why to them all.
Now, if I only had one more opportunity to preach the gospel on this earth, this point in the next five minutes on what comes next is the only message that I would speak.
So if I only had five more minutes to preach, this is my last sermon ever, this would be what I would speak.
So it was good to think about this, and I was challenged as I was prepping this this week.
What would you want your life to be marked by?
What would be the words that you'd want to leave people?
So this is what I would want to leave people.
Jesus spoke about eternity more than any other subject.
You might not agree with what I'm about to say, and I fully respect that, because we all have so many different viewpoints on what comes next.
There's a lot of mystery surrounding death.
There's also been a lot of poor theology that scared people away.
And I also don't believe that any of us know what happens in a person's heart or soul in the final moments as they transition into eternity.
So our job is not to judge someone, but to love people.
The thief on the cross we've just talked about was never part of a church community.
He never served in church.
He never gave to heart for the kingdom.
He never tived.
He never did anything.
All he said was three words, Lord, remember me.
And Jesus said, let's go on vacation to paradise.
So it was simply in a moment a heart transition.
There are so many angles and theological takes.
But what is 100% guaranteed?
100% guaranteed is this.
We're all gonna leave this earth one day.
Unless Jesus comes back, which is for another session, we're all gonna leave this earth.
You say, well, I do aloe vera, and I do vitamins, and I do all the latest and the greatest things.
And doctor someone told me, if I did this, you keep doing all that, okay?
All you can do is extend it.
You can't change the fact.
We're all gonna spend eternity somewhere.
Aren't you glad you came to church today?
Now you've seen me, you've seen me, some of you have seen me do this before, my rope.
Oh, I've got a nightmare rope.
Okay.
So this rope, I want you to imagine, it goes through the chapel, through heart sees,
Chroma, North Sea, and basically Holland and keeps going.
It's called eternity.
That rope goes on for eternity.
What I'm holding in my hand is a little red piece, which is, let's just say somewhere between 70 to 90 years on earth.
Some people might live a little bit longer, some people a little bit less.
But for the sake of the illustration, let's just call this 1890 years.
Now what's fascinating about this little red piece is we spend most of our time, most of our thoughts, most of our planning, most of our worries, thinking about our red.
What if I don't get the job?
What if I don't qualify from university?
What if I don't have enough money to pay my student loan?
What if I don't?
And so we are fixated with the red, and that is
what we do, we live in the bubble.
And we probably give less than a thought a day to what happens next and less.
A close loved one like we've seen today passes on and then we start thinking a little bit more about the white.
But we work our whole lives, we save, we're frugal, we put away for our pension so we can enjoy this tiny, tiny little bit of red on the end.
We actually never consider for the majority of us what happens
Fraternity.
The Bible teaches us that what we do in this little tiny red piece determines what happens through the chapel, through heart sees, chroma, Holland, my geography failed me.
Missed it.
No one else knows either.
Europe.
We used to be part of it, I forgot.
Europe, Belgium.
Okay, so.
I want to talk right now, not about your red, because most Sundays I speak to your red.
We talk to you about don't be anxious for anything and helping your work and quip you and dreams and all those things.
But what about if people in our workplaces are actually asking this question, what comes next?
Do we actually know what to say?
James 4 14 says this, it says, for what is your life?
That's the white bit, eternity.
It is even a vapor that appears for a little time, the red bit, and then it vanishes away.
Do you know, we just vanish away.
Give me a wave if you know the name of your father.
Let me your dad.
Just give me a wave.
Come on, keep up.
Give me a wave if you know the name of your grandfather.
Great-grandfather.
Great-great-grandfather.
Always the same.
There's probably 10 hands in here that know the name of their great-grandfather.
What does that tell me?
It tells me that in 150 years, nothing matters here.
Because people aren't even going to remember our name.
People
Unremember that we turned up to work late, early, not at all.
You should be on time.
People aren't going to remember anything about our lives unless we live it for eternity.
And so many times we get so caught up.
Oh, God.
The boss is driving me crazy.
This is driving me crazy.
He's driving me crazy.
This is, the guy's like whoa, just take a step back and remember that you are gonna spend eternity with me forever.
That's why Paul said fix your eyes, fix your eyes.
Not on earthly things, but on heavenly things.
See the majority of our decisions are based, not on the white, but on the red.
Jesus teaches his audience in Matthew chapter 70 says, come to God through the narrow gate because the wide gate in the broad path is the way that leads to destruction.
Nearly everyone chooses that crowded road, but the narrow gate in the difficult way leads to eternal life.
But few find it.
Jesus teaches his audience.
He says, there's two gates, two paths and two destinations.
And what we choose in this little red piece of life
I'm 48 this year, which means I'm well, well, well, well over the halfway mark of my life.
So what I choose in the red will determine what happens in the white.
And I'm not doing this to scare you.
I'm just doing this to talk about life, the realities of life, because there's two destinations.
One is heaven, which is eternal life with Jesus.
And the second destination is eternal life without Jesus and the Bible calls that place hell.
And we can never truly grasp the love that compelled Christ to die for us unless we understand what He was saving us from.
Jesus spoke about hell specifically nine times in the gospels, and He didn't just talk about it, He described it.
It's not a popular theology, it's not a trendy theology, but He talked about it.
And there is no halfway house.
A lot of people think we've got this
There's heaven for all the really good people and there's hell for all the really bad people.
And then there's kind of me in between.
I've done some bad things.
I've done some good things.
I sponsored someone for a charity.
So maybe I'll be at that.
There is no halfway house.
Jesus said, I am the way.
I am the truth that leads to life.
So you have to choose.
It's not heaven, hell, halfway house.
It's heaven or hell.
So you have to choose.
And basically what we do here, for me, I've only got that much left.
Some of you got a little less.
Not just saying it.
What we do with this little piece here determines what happens there.
No matter how I try, I could never adequately try to describe heaven, the beauty of heaven or the, or hell.
Hell is separation from God and heaven is eternity with God.
Here's the good news.
2 Peter 3 9 says it's God's will that none should perish.
Why am I on mission?
What's the big why?
It's because none should perish.
Even the person who annoys you at work.
Even the person who drives you crazy, God's will is that they shouldn't perish either.
Hell is somewhere we don't have too many details about, but the ones we do tell us it's not good.
Tim Keller.
famous theologian said this, unless you believe in hell, you will never know how much Jesus loves you.
When you invite Christ into your life, here's what happens, ready?
He switches you on the path.
You go from a wide path to destruction, to a narrow gate that leads to a broad life with Jesus.
So you choose, you can live a broad life right now, parties,
All the stuff that goes of a big life, but it will lead to a narrow, destructive life, or you can go through a narrow gate which will lead you to a broad eternity with Jesus.
You choose.
We all get to choose what happens in eternity.
Maybe you never think about this and I get that because we live in those bubbles.
Maybe you've created your own, a lot of people create their own doctrine about what happens after death, and I understand that as well, because if we create our own doctrine, it can kind of fit how we feel.
Maybe you believe one day you'll be reincarnated, maybe you'll come back as a pigeon or a Lego man, or I don't know what your theology around this is, but the Bible clearly speaks about reincarnation.
He says in Hebrews 927, he says, people are destined to die once, which rules out reincarnation.
So you're not gonna be reincarnated.
If you think you're just gonna do good works and then come back in the next life, if someone better, that's not according to the Bible.
So the biggest question that I have as a believer in the red is what's heaven going to be really like.
Now, I wish we had some TripAdvisor reviews.
Whoever does a TripAdvisor review before booking a hotel or a, of course you do, you check it out.
I just wish someone would just give us a little glimpse.
Well, the only glimpse we have, we have one in Daniel and we have one in Revelation, okay?
I'm gonna give you just a little glimpse of eternity with Jesus.
It's a little trip advisor review for you.
See what you think.
Revelation 21, 4.
And God will wipe away every tear from their eye.
There shall be no more death, nor sorrow, nor crying.
There shall be no more pain for the former things have passed away.
And then he sat on the front and said, Behold, I will make all things new.
Now that is our focus.
Can we just look at some of the buzz words from the TripAdvisor?
No more tears.
Wow.
The pain, injustices, the killings, the racism,
All the various pain our world faces.
Jesus said it's gonna be no more.
And then he says there's gonna be no more death, which means the fear of how we're gonna die or maybe the fear of what happens next is gonna go because we will be at peace with God for eternity forever and ever and ever.
No more pain, no more tears, no more crying, no more death.
For the former things have passed away.
And he says, I'm going to make all things.
You know all the things you love about earth?
God's going to make them all better and new in heaven.
I'm not going to go any further because people start sending me emails.
But all I know is heaven is a place I don't want to miss out on.
And hell is a place you don't want to go near.
So here's the question.
What path
are you and I on?
Because there's two paths with two roads and they lead to two destinations.
And God's heart is that none should perish, but all have everlasting life.
This isn't just good Christian ethics today.
This is a command from God to go.
Why?
Because everyone is waiting to discover there's someone.
Everyone is valuable to God.
And everyone is asking deep down what happens next.
Now that is the why to one mission, 2026.
Amen.
Just with everybody's eyes closed.
No one moving around.
I want to pray right now.
St. John, I
I've never really thought about the white.
I've been so focused on the red.
When you're young, you do.
You do it.
I get it.
If you're saying today, I want to switch paths.
Because I'm on a path without Christ and I don't know where that path leads.
I've done some things that maybe I'm not proud of.
But today I realize that I'm someone to God.
I'm loved by God.
Today you can become a child of God.
Maybe you've never understood your value to Him.
But today, you've realized you've been trying to fill your life with so many things to feel good about yourself and valuable, but true value is only found when you know the value of which is Christ.
Three, you want to switch paths.
If you die today, one minute from now, where would you be?
Only you can answer that question.
You know where your heart is with God.
You know which path you're walking on.
I would love to pray for you, both online if you're watching and those in the room.
If you say today, John, I want to make my peace with God.
Today I'm someone, I'm valuable, and I need to switch paths.
I want to receive Jesus as my personal Savior, knowing that my sins are forgiven, and I will spend eternity in heaven with Him.
If you do not have certainty about that,
Right now, I want you to lift your hand.
All of this room so I want to receive Jesus.
That's my personal say.
I want to pray for you.
Would you lift your hands?
Right now, I want to receive Jesus.
Thank you.
Anyone else, thank you.
I want to receive Jesus.
Just lift it up nice and high.
I want to change paths.
I want to receive Jesus as my personal savior.
God bless you.
We're going to just lift the lights a little higher in the room.
Just lift up your hand nice and high.
I want to receive Jesus today.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you.
Thank you, God.
Thank you, Jesus.
You can put your hands down.
I want us to say this prayer out loud together.
Dear Lord Jesus, thank you for dying for me.
To forgive all my sins and failures.
I believe that you rose from the dead so that I can have a brand new life.
Please come into my heart and help me.
by the power of the Holy Spirit to trust and to live for you.
Amen.
Can we congratulate everyone who said that prayer today?
Amazing.
You lifted up your hand and said that prayer.
This is Ben here, Dan, and the white t-shirt by the chapel.
Look, when we close off the service in about a few minutes time, we'd love you just to head over to Ben.
He wants to give you a gift.
It's the Bible.
It's Mark's Gospel, and we wanna help you take some next steps on this mission, and we wanna say what a great decision you made today.
Please don't just leave without taking a Bible, speak to one of our team, because we wanna help you move forward in Jesus' name.
I met a family in the last service.
She said they invited to the wonder.
They were Jehovah's Witnesses, and they came in two, three weeks ago, back to church, and as a family, they all gave their lives to Jesus, and they said their lives have completely turned around.
This stuff is real.
The gospel works.
The gospel is real.
And I want to encourage you all.
You are on mission this week.
People need to know there's someone.
People need to know their value.
And people need to know the answers to the big questions of this life.
So I want you to take your card right now in your hand.
You can write the name or the names in later, that's okay.
But maybe the name you first thought, maybe there's another name to add to that as well.
Maybe you were challenged like I was.
I'd love us all just to stand together and hold this prayer card.
We're gonna pray this prayer together out loud.
When we get to the empty space, I want you to say the name of that person.
Could be a loved one relative.
Could be someone who's so far from God, you think is it even worth wasting the ink?
And God says, yeah, every precious drop of blood was worth it.
Should we say this name out loud?
Father God, thank you for loving the world so much that you sent Jesus.
Because you sent Him
I choose to live on mission every day.
I lift up to you.
You know their heart, their questions and their story.
Open their eyes to see your love and your truth.
Draw them to Jesus by your spirit.
Use my life, my words, my actions and my love to be a fraction of your love to them.
Give me boldness to share, wisdom to speak and compassion to love like you do.
I say yes to your mission.
Send me.
Use me in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Come on, we're on mission 2026.
God bless.
Thanks again for tuning in.
If you said yes to Jesus today by saying the salvation prayer, we'd love for you to email connections at soulchurch.com.
So we can talk to you a little bit more about this incredible decision you've just made.
And if at any point in the service, you felt moved to give towards any of our local or global initiatives.
Head to SoulChurch.com.
And don't forget to stay connected with us on Facebook, Instagram and YouTube by searching at SoulChurchUK.
Take care and God bless.